William Shakespeare (1564-1616), the foremost writer, prominent dramatist and poet in the European Renaissance. He created a large number of popular literary works, occupies a special position in the history of European literature, has been hailed as "Olympus Zeus in human literature." He is also known as the four great tragedies of ancient Greece, Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides.

Two of the three Shakespeare children survived, namely Susannah and Judith. Sister looks barely able to sign their name, but Judith really can only use the pen as a marker painted painting. At that time, however, literacy skills were applied to specialized areas such as trade and most of them were male and female. Shakespeare's age does not value women's level of knowledge.

Danish prince Hamlet suddenly took his father's death message while attending the University of Wuedenburg in Germany. After returning to his motherland, he encountered successively the succession of his uncle Claudius and the series of incidents that his uncle and mother, Jottulud, got rushed to marry one month after their father's funeral. This makes Hamlet full of doubts and dissatisfaction. Immediately after Horatio and Bonnetton stood there, the ghost of his father Hamlet was revealed, stating that he had been poisoned by Claudius and asked Hamlet to avenge himself. Subsequently, Hamlet use crazy to cover themselves and through the "play in the game" confirmed his uncle is indeed killing the enemy. Claudius tried to get rid of Hamlet by the King by mistakenly killing the beloved Ophelia's father, Polonnes, but Hamlet escaped to Denmark but learned that Ophelia committed suicide and had to accept it Duel with his brother Leo Tertis. Hamlet's mother, Jottulud, ducked in for poisoning Claudius for poisoned alcohol prepared by Hamlet, and both Hamlet and Leometis were among the poisoned swords, knowing that the poisoned Hamlet was killed before his death Claudius dies and exhorts a friend Horatio to tell his story later.